OSB: fix incorrect links and add a FAQ (#11475)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _benchmark/FAQs.md

---
layout: default
title: FAQs
nav_order: 103
---

# FAQs

This is intended to be a compendium of frequently-asked questions.  There are only a few currently, but additional ones will be included as the documentation is enhanced.

## How can I get more information about an error that I encountered?

You can take a look at the OSB log files, towards the end, where messages for the latest run will appear.

You also have the following options:
- [Post a question in the OpenSearch Benchmark Slack channel](https://opensearch.slack.com/archives/C082PLA3VPW).
- [Attend the Community Meeting, Office Hours, and Issue Triage](https://www.meetup.com/opensearch/events/309982456/?eventOrigin=group_upcoming_events).

## Where are the OSB log files located?

> By default, they are in the user's home directory, under `$HOME/.osb/osb.log`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the OSB log files are located in the your home directory, under `$HOME/.osb/osb.log`.
```

## I'm looking for the latest updates to OSB.  Where can I find the latest incremental build of OSB?

> Incremental OSB builds are generated as Docker images when any new changes are merged to the codebase.  They are available [here](https://hub.docker.com/r/opensearchstaging/opensearch-benchmark/tags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incremental OSB builds are generated as Docker images when any new changes are merged to the codebase.  They are available on the [OpenSearch Benchmark Docker Hub page](https://hub.docker.com/r/opensearchstaging/opensearch-benchmark/tags).
```
